Arabic Translations:ماماذاالذيوماأيمالذيبماماهولماعمايامنماهيكمايالها
FBI! Everyone stop what what you're doing!Only what what are the little lord wants to hear.
what, what, what, what about, what?what, what, baby, what?
what if morals, what if what makes something moralBut what if you just gave Joker exactly what he wanted?
That's what they want, but what about you?Well... what about what Luke's doing?
But what if you knew exactly what would make them happy?Well, what does it matter what Bourne is after?
But what he didn't tell you was what they lead to.Think what Pierre what he should do.
But what we saw, what hurt you...But what if they were afraid of what he might have told you?
There's a difference between what people threaten and what they'll actually do.German Translations:waswieundwarumwofürworaufworumwiesowelcherwelchdieicheswoWhatwas fürwobei
welch einwas für eine
was für einwas für einen
And we both know what what Nina Sharp wants, she gets.Und wir beiden wissen: Was Nina Sharp bekommen will, bekommt sie auch.
Mankind also chooses at various times to change what is right and what is wrong, what is sinful and what is not, what is illegal and what is not.Auch beschließt die Menschheit hin und wieder, das zu ändern, was als richtig und was als falsch gilt, was sündig ist und was nicht, was dem Gesetz entspricht und was nicht.
We have to know what is safe and what is not safe, what is truth and what is not truth, and what is right and what is not right.Wir müssen wissen, was sicher ist und was nicht, was Wahrheit ist und was Unwahrheit und was richtig ist und was falsch.
Machines know what people watch, what people read, what people buy, even what people feel.Maschinen wissen, was die Leute sich ansehen, was die Menschen lesen, was sie kaufen, auch, was sie fühlen.
Identify what works and what does not work in your current performance management processes.Ermitteln Sie, was in den aktuellen Leistungsverwaltungsprozessen funktioniert und was nicht.
With health impact assessments we can detect what works and what does not.Mit den Beurteilungen der Gesundheitsauswirkungen können wir feststellen, was hilft und was nicht.
Let us remember what Europeans - what Madrileños - had to endure.English Translations:
Spanish Translations:quéquecómonolo que¿cuál¿y¿cuálescuálelesocuántoyoperoseuna
You don't necessarily know with granularity exactly what organisms are providing what flavors and what characteristics.Con la granularidad, no necesariamente se sabe con exactitud qué organismos proporcionan qué sabores y qué características.
Not sure what parts in what songs sound similar.No estoy seguro de qué partes en qué canciones suenan parecidas.
This will determine what elements are present and what pre-treatment is necessary to remedy any problems.Esto determinará que elementos están presentes y que pre-tratamiento es necesario para remediar cualquier problema.
Knowing what to install and what not is a tad more difficult with split ebuilds.El saber que instalar y que no, es un poco más difícil cuando se trabaja con los ebuilds separados.
A protocol defines what information is exchanged and in what order.Un protocolo es el que define que información se intercambia y en qué orden.
Establishes authority to define what constitutes a complete application and what evidence applicants must provide.Establece la autoridad para definir qué constituye una aplicación completa y qué evidencia deben proporcionar los candidatos.
It focuses on what practices exist for early education and what should be developed.Se centra en qué prácticas existen para la educación temprana y que se debería desarrollar.
Explain what happens and what you expected to happen.Describe qué ocurre, y qué esperabas que ocurriera.
French Translations:quelquece quece quice quetqu'est-ce quejetuilqu'est-ce quice dontqu'est-ce quce à quoice pour quoiqu'est ce quequ'est ce quice en quoice sur quoiqu'est ce ququoi doncQuoila
Que voilàI explained what that Convention procedure was and what its balances amounted to.
J'ai détaillé la procédure définie par la Convention et expliqué quel serait le résultat de cet équilibre.Everywhere, everything, what you say, what you eat, what you wear, what you think.
Partout, tout le temps, ce que tu dis, ce que tu manges, ce que tu portes, ce que tu penses.You know what everyone was thinking, what everyone believed, what I believed, and what Tess clearly believed.
Tu sais ce que tout le monde pensait, ce que tout le monde croyait, ce que je croyais, et ce que Tess croit clairement.The SFAF is the process used to determine what incorporated not-for-profit organizations are eligible for SSP funding, in what areas, at what level and under what circumstances.
Le CFRS est le processus utilisé pour déterminer quelles organisations incorporées à but non lucratif sont admissibles aux fonds du PSS, dans quels domaines, à quel niveau, et à quelles conditions.Everyone is agreed that discrimination should be fought but opinions differ as to how, to what extent and by what means.
Tout le monde s'accorde à dire qu'il faut lutter contre la discrimination, mais les avis divergent lorsqu'il s'agit de savoir comment, dans quelle mesure et avec quels moyens.We will only win people's acceptance of Europe if they know who took what decision and for what reason.
Nous ne recueillerons l 'acceptation des citoyens à l'égard de l 'Europe que s'ils savent qui a pris quelle décision et pour quelles raisons.But the question is under what conditions and with what financial resources.
On peut toutefois se demander sous quelles conditions et avec quels moyens financiers.It is what Canadians want and what Canadians deserve.
C'est ce que les Canadiens veulent, et ce que les Canadiens méritent.Achieving effective change is what matters.
Ce qui compte, c'est d'apporter des changements réels.Today consumerism determines what is important.
De nos jours, le consumérisme détermine ce qui est important.You decide what can be delegated and under what circumstances.
Vous déterminez ce qui peut être délégué, et dans quelles circonstances.Hebrew Translations:איזהלאלאןבמהמהלמהומהאיךאניאיזוממהכמהמהומהישמה
You know what what wasn't? Visiting my mother.Mermaid from the mist is not what what it represents.
And we both know what what Nina Sharp wants, she gets.Can I get a what what?
Because what you're probably thinking is not what happened.Just got to do what feels know what I mean?
I know what we were and what you felt.Like what clothes to wear and what girls she thinks are pretty.
We'll determine what matters and what doesn't.Who decides what's private and what's information people should know?
But what about what you want, Geoffrey?Let's keep what Frost liked and ditch what he hated.
I remember what water is, what it does.Take a look at these and see what's what.
But using what I'm given to give what I can.Japanese Translations:どうなんてなんと何とどんな何ものことか私どのようなてそれあなたなんそのこれなに何事
何てわずかな
なあに何の
But what about access to storage media itself?それでは、ストレージ・メディアそのものに対するアクセスはどうでしょうか。
They all worked the what may be going on?Windowsのアップデート中にこの問題が発生するのを防ぐにはどうしたらいいですか？
Thanks to outstandingpoker I know what to do in a short handed no limit holdem cash game table.おかげでください。　outstandingpoker　無制限ホールデム　キャッシュ　ゲーム　テーブルをハンド　ショートにどうかを知っています。.
It's easy to see what everyone has been raving about.Soooo　good.　それは誰もが約狂乱されているかを確認するのは簡単です.
While scanning the memory module memtest collects information what is wrong.メモリモジュールを調べている間、memtest　は何が問題なのかに関する情報を収集しています。
Example #1 Determining what methods were negotiated例1　どのメソッドでネゴシエートされたかの判定
See their to see what is possible. section 7彼らの　name＝"model　railroad"＞　というページを見れば、何が出来るかがわかります。
Okay, so what partitions do you need?Dutch Translations:hoewaarwaaromwaarvoornietzowatwelkeenikdathetwelkwiehoeveel
Then the Gemeentemuseum Den Haag has just what what you are looking for.Dan biedt het Gemeentemuseum Den Haag precies wat u wenst.
But the question is under what conditions and with what financial resources.De vraag is alleen onder welke voorwaarden en met welke financiële middelen dat moet gebeuren.
I explained what that Convention procedure was and what its balances amounted to.Ik heb uitgelegd wat de procedure van de Conventie inhield en waar het evenwicht op neer kwam.
I understand what the Commissioner said, but we do not know what will be decided in 2004.Ik begrijp wat de commissaris gezegd heeft, alleen: wij weten nu nog niet hoe het besluit in 2004 uit zal vallen.
We do not know what was discussed and what guidelines were adopted at the previous meeting.Wij weten niet wat in de vorige ontmoeting besproken is en welke richtsnoeren toen aangenomen zijn.
That is what failed to protect investments and what threatens employment.Dat is waardoor investeringen niet kunnen worden beschermd en de werkgelegenheid in gevaar wordt gebracht.
That is what Parliament approved and what we want to see.Dat is de strategie die dit Parlement heeft goedgekeurd en wenst toe te passen.
It was difficult to predict what at what moment would happen.Polish Translations:jakialeawłaśnieczycojaktoniektoktórycóż
Demonstrate what life is and what it could be.Zademonstrujemy kontrast pomiędzy tym jakie życie jest, a jakie mogłoby być.
This chart tells you what country is in what place.Ten wykres mówi ci, jakie krale są na jakim miejscu.
Possibilities are what make life interesting.Możliwości są tym, co sprawia, że życie jest interesujące.
Benny accepted what she told him.Benny wierzył we wszystko, co ona mu powiedziała.
You're exactly what you want.To wydaje mi się że odkryłam czego ty chcesz w każdym razie.
And what lovely, what beautiful, what seductivity.Jakie śliczne, piękne, uwodzicielskie.
Portuguese Translations:quecomoporemaso quequalquênãoquantoondequemissoaquilodo
She harped on inconsistencies between what Baker had told detective Banks and what he was not saying.Ela harped inconsistências entre detetive que Baker havia dito Banks e que ele não estava dizendo.
But what great history what desbobinou, expensive friend.Mas que grande história que desbobinou, caro amigo.
I repaired what has a gardener what it must have contracted recently.Reparei que tem um jardineiro que deve ter contratado recentemente.
That means what knows something what perhaps proves his innocence.Isso quer dizer que sabe algo que talvez prove a sua inocência.
It is amazing what misconceptions new commers can be saddled with from who knows what source.É surpreendente que commers novos dos misconceptions pode ser selado com de quem sabe que fonte.
It is particularly difficult to establish exactly what quantities of plastics are recycled in third countries under what conditions.É particularmente difícil determinar com precisão em que quantidades e em que condições o plástico é reciclado em países terceiros.
Perhaps we should ask Zak what what he wants.Talvez nós devêssemos perguntar ao Zak o que ele quer.
We have been conditioned in what is right and what is wrong, what is good and what is bad, what is moral and what is immoral.Romanian Translations:cumnucânddarcecareastadacășicâtecevaundeceeaai
Only what what the little lord telling wants to hear.Ce-i tot povesteai? Numai ceea ce micul domn vrea sa audă.
Perhaps we should ask Zak what what he wants.Poate ar trebui să îl întrebați pe Zak ce își dorește el.
Robots do what what We obviously do not want.Plus, roboții fac o parte din lucrurile pe care noi nu vrem să le mai facem.
Mermaid from the mist is not what what it represents.Sirena din mijlocul vostru nu este ceea ce pare.
I finally told Susan Teller what was what.I-am spus în cele din urmă lui Susan Teller cum stă treaba.
Apparently what I forgot what worth dying to protect.Aparent, ce-am uitat a fost un lucru pentru care merită să mori protejându-l.
Find out what they like to eat, what they hate and what they love what they care about, what they think, what they do not care.Afla ce le place să mănânce, ceea ce ei urăsc și ceea ce le place - Ceea ce le pasa, ceea ce cred ei, ceea ce nu le pasă.
See what's what since those Towers came down.Russian Translations:чтотакзачемкакойкоторыйкакой именнокаккакиеао чемкаковэтояктоитыпочему
экийIt must be made completely clear to our citizens what is acceptable and what is not.
Необходимо совершенно четко разъяснить нашим гражданам, что является приемлемым и что нет.There's only what is and what should never be.
Есть то, что есть и чего быть не должно.Paxton got exactly what he deserved after what he did to me.
Пакстон получил то, чего заслуживал, после того, что он сделал со мной.It doesn't matter what they were fighting about or what was said.
Не важно из-за чего они подрались или что сказали.Use it to apologize what he thought.
Используй его, чтобы извиниться за то, что ты думал обо мне...I need what Zeke really smuggled.
Мне нужно то, что Зик на самом деле приготовил для меня.Always what you think is best.
Всегда делаешь то, что, как тебе кажется, будет лучше.Georgiana only asks what we ourselves...
Вильям, Джорджиана просто просит о том, о чем мы сами...Turkish Translations:nasılböyleöyleniyeşeyneyahangipekineyinneydibubenkaçsen
People really think that what what we do - it's fun.Esasında insanlar yaptığımız şeyin eğlenceli olduğunu düşünüyor.
They know what card opens what door and at what times.Hangi kartın hangi kapıyı ne zaman açtığını onlar biliyor.
Machines know what people watch, what people read, what people buy, even what people feel.Makineler insanların ne izlediğini biliyor insanların ne okuduğunu insanların ne satın aldığını hatta insanların ne hissettiğini.
A chance to tell others what we feel, what we believe.Hissettiklerimizi, inandıklarımızı başkalarına anlatmak için bir şans.
They don't know what to say, what to think.Ne söyleyeceklerini, ne düşüneceklerini bilemiyorlar.
No matter what, you cannot care what other people think.Bu yüzden ne olursa olsun, başkalarının düşüncelerini önemsememelisin.
The gap between what we assume people do and what they actually do is enormous.İnsanların yaptığını sandığımız ve gerçekte yaptıkları şey arasındaki fark çok büyük.
Because I already know what you showed and what the public saw on TV.